# Agile
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Information is collected by the Product Owner and used to create the user stories that dot the backlog. These User Stories are used as a basis for discerning what is actually desired of a product. They are used to provide a clear goal for what features should be included in the product. As an example, if you were making a search engine then you might hear cases such as “As a Photographer, I want to be able to filter out copyrighted images so that I can easily access public domain images”. This User story gives us a clear goal which can be broken down into specific features we want for our product. We can now easily design a test case where we detail that when the user clicks on a filter icon they will be given the option to filter for copyrighted images.

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Program development should be done in controlled and purposed segments in order to avoid scope creep and wasted development time. It is all too easy to produce too much work that will not be needed or at least has relatively low return on investment. Sprints provide an excellent framework for managing this as you set your expectations out the gate with a set time frame in which to work. In the Scrum model it is advised that work should be kept straightforward with minimal additions beyond what is desired to complete the appointed assignment. Partner programming may also provide an advantage as having a second programmer to oversee produced script can help to iron out possible inefficiencies early on rather than potentially letting minor inefficiencies cascade throughout the project leading to potential poor and buggy performance.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Communication plays a large role in being a good member of a software development team. You need to be communicating with your peers and manager, this is especially true when encountering hurdles that may stall development. If there is any need for clarification then you should E-mail or meet with relevant personnel in person, it can hurt the team a lot if they get caught unaware by a stall or aren’t informed of a change in plans. Similarly, leave comments on your code. It makes it easier to read for people who are only just seeing your code which is important for scaling and maintenance.
